## Week1 

- variance (分散)
- standard deviation (標準偏差)
variance = (standard deviation)^2
shows risk, リターンのぶれの大きさ

- Beta
the regression slope coefficient when the return on the ith asset is regressed on the return on the market.
How stock is related to stock market.
Beta 1.45 is getting high. 2 is rare.

- what you can see from the scatter
Upward slope = correlated
Apple is more variable than S&P500
Y = mx + B (回帰線)
m (beta): Regression line slope = 1.45 (係数)
x: variance(分散) of the market return, expected return of the market
Y: returns of Apple stock

- Market Risk
mx: market return
the risk of the whole stock market.

- Idiosyscratic Rick
B: Apple only, Alpha


- Covariance 
Risk is determined by covariance.
Idiosyscratic risk doesn't matter when you are invessting lots of companies.
Can't get rid of the market risk.

- Federal Insurace Office
mainly just a monitoring for risk

Health insurance has suffered an import shortcoming in the U.S.
in order to make insurance work it takes a lot of developments and it's not easy and obvious.

Before:
It was a narrow scope of risk.
There are no national insurance companies

1. for people who can afford to get insurance
Moral hassard : losing incentive no to being sick because you are insured.

2. Doctors
Doctors made more money if people were sick. They would, they didn't have any incentive to prevent disease.

3. for people who can't afford to get insurance
There was not standard for insurance contract. >> prices goes up.
Insurance company need to charge them a lot. >> they can't sign up contact.

in 1986
the U.S. Congress passed another law called EMTALA law. Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act which required hospitals and ambulance services to provide care to anyone needing emergency treatment.
People who can't pay for insurance go to emergency room.

in 2010
Affordable Care Act of 2010 called Obamacare
there's a penalty for individuals not buying insurance. A tax penalty

in 2002 
Required insurers to offer terrorism insurance for three years. Government cover 90%.


- Gold
In a scatter diagram, it has a negative slope of gold.
when the market is doing well, when the economy's doing well, gold might not necessarily be a great option in terms of returns.
